Asuna Yuuki from Sword Art Online, long, orange-brownish chestnut hair and hazel eyes, wore a dark red leather tunic with a lightweight copper breastplate and leather pants with boots up to the knees along with a hooded cape
Asuna's avatar as Stacia, the Goddess of Creation, maintains her chestnut hair and light brown eyes. She wears a pearly-white breastplate and a long skirt consisting of countless fine fabrics
Orihime Inoue from Bleach, brown eyes and waist-length, burnt orange hair. Her most noticeable physical trait is her slender yet curvaceous figure. wears her hair in bangs tucked behind her ears with hairpins
Senjougahara Hitagi from Bakemonogatari, beautiful girl with long purple hair (dark brown in the light novels), blue eyes and a glamorous figure, wears the Naoetsu Private High School uniform the usual way while wearing black thigh-highs and can be seen wearing dresses or similar clothing that cover up to her knees when outside of school.
Albedo from Overlord, An impeccable beauty, Albedo is a woman with jet-black hair and the face of a goddess. She has golden irises and vertically split pupils; on her left and right temples are two thick horns protruding crookedly, and on her waist are a pair of black angel wings.
Cana Alberona from Fairy Tail, a tall and slim tanned-skinned young woman with an ample bust. She has mid-back length brown hair with varying shades of color, having been seen as bright brown, black, and, ultimately, plain brown. Two shoulder-length strands of hair frame her face, with the left one starting from a prominent, high fringe.
Inori Yuzuriha from Guilty Crown, a beautiful girl with light pink hair that ombres into hot pink and is tied into pigtails, tied her hair using two tubes, had a small red clip on the left side of her face. Inori had red eyes, she was about 166cm tall with small glossed lips. She looked very fragile, having a very slender figure and thin legs, usual fighting attire is a red leotard with the middle mostly cut out, red-orange spoilers with flowers on the side and high red gloves. She also wears a black short dress with white lining on the bottom and red ribbons on the bottom, which she wears it when she is not fighting
Kuronuma Sawako from Kimi ni Todoke
Kallen Kozuki/Kallen Stadtfeld from Code Geass
Kaname Chidori from Full Metal Panic
Miyuki Shiba from Mahouka Koukou no Rettosei
Yuzuki Eba from Kimi no Iru Machi
Celistia Ralgris from Undefeated Bahamuth Chronicle
Raynare from Highschool DxD
Juvia Lockser from Fairy Tail
Leafa from Sword Art Online
Lilith Asami from Trinity Seven
Xenovia from Highschool DxD
Chelsea from Akame Ga Kill
Hestia from DanMachi
Rin Tohsaka from Fate/Stay Night
Asada Shino from Sword Art Online
Kuroka from Highschool DxD
Kushina Uzumaki from Naruto
Saeko Busujima from Highschool Of The Dead
Zero Two from Darling In The Franxx
Irina Shidou from Highschool DxD
Mio Naruse from The Testament of Sister New Devil
Saber from Fate/Zero
oko Littner from Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann
Midnight from My Hero Academia
Yumeko Jabami from Kakegurui
Hinata Hyuga from Naruto
Tsunade from Naruto
Erina Nakiri from Food Wars!
Lucy Heartfilia from Fairy Tail
Esdeath from Akame Ga Kill
Tohha Yatogami from Date A Live
Irina Jelavic from Assassination Classroom
Elizabeth Liones from The Seven Deadly Sins
Akame from Akame Ga Kill
Asuna from Sword Art Online
Mirajane Strauss from Fairy Tail
Ezra Scarlet from Fairy Tail
Rias Gremory from Highschool DxD
Akeno Himejima from Highschool DxD